DEMO Insight Webized Mobile AR and R eallife Use C ases Sangchul Ahn Joohyun Lee Jinwoo Kim Sungkuk Chun Jungbin Kim Iltae Kim Junsik Shim Byounghyun Yoo Heedong Ko Korea Institute of Science and Technology Letsee Inc. ABSTRACT This demonstration shows a novel approach for Webizing mobile augmented reality which uses HTML as its content structure and its real life use cases . Insight is a mobile AR Web browser that executes HTML5 based AR applications. By extending physical objects and places wit h a u niform resource identifier URI we could build objects of interest for mobile AR application as document object model DOM elements and control their behavior and user interactions through DOM events in standard HTML documents. A new CSS media type is defined to augment virtual objects to the physical objects. In this model we introduce the concept of PLACE which is the model of a physical space in which the user can be located. With this approach mobile AR applications can be seamlessly develope d as common HTML documents under the current Web eco system. The advantage s of the webized mobile AR which is able to utilize all kind of Web resources without rework ing and its high productivity due to the seamless development of AR contents in HTML doc uments are shown with real life use cases in various domains such as shopping entertainment education and manufacturing. Keywords authoring environment content structure mobile AR real life Web architecture World Wide Web Index Terms H.5.1 Information Interfaces and Presentation Multimedia Information Systems Artificial augmented and virtual realities 1INTRODUCTION AR content should deal with the physical world as well as the virtual world. To achieve a unified representation for these heterogeneous environments Ahn et al. 1 proposed a content structure for AR in terms of the webizing methodology 2 . This demonstration mainly focus es on the advantage of the webized mobile AR 1 all kind of Web resources can be used as augmented information without rework ing and 2 the seamless development environment of AR contents in HTML documents results in high productivity in various application domains such as shopping entertainment education and manufacturing. We show these capabilities with real life use cases of the webized mobile AR. 2WEBIZING METHODOLOGY FOR AR CONTENT 2.1 Webized AR information model HTML is widely used to represent information in the modern Internet system. The main reasons for this are the simplicity of its content structure the modularity of the system and the decentralizati on of information source s. From an architectural perspective the Web has the potential to relate the virtual world to the physical world. In the Web information model a resource is a primitive that a hyperlink can reach and the hyperlink is targeted by a URI. As the concept of resource has evolved a resource can be anything in the real world including physical entities such as objects and places. The w ebized AR information model embraces the content structure of AR and the common Web. 2.2 AR content in HT ML HTML also has the potential to be a container for AR content with physical resources. A hyperlink enables an HTML document to embrace physical resources. Physical resources can be directly embedded in a n HTML document . The linked resources are immediate ly acquired when the document is rendered. Figure 1 demonstrates how webized AR content is represented while the extended use of the resource model for the physical environment conforms to the current Web architecture. The method of referencing physical r esources differs from a generic HTML document because a physical resource does not belong to an HTML element. To avoid conflict over the current web standard we do not add a new HTML element or attribute to deal with physical resources. Instead we utiliz e CSS the separated presentation logic of HTML to referenc e physical resources. It conveys the context from the physical environment to the application by the addi tion of a style sheet without modif ication of the document content. Consequently it enable s reuse of numerous HTML contents in the Web content eco sys tem. Figure 1 Webized AR information model 2.3 Insight AR Web Browser Webized mobile AR provides clean separation between the AR Web browser which handles tracking and rendering and content which handles the represent ation of augmented data . Using Insights content structure c omposed of HTML5 CSS3 and JavaS cript which is the same as common web pages application logic can be implemented in a JavaScript library form. Thus the AR content and accompanying application logic is easily reusable. Corresponding author. email address y oobyoo.net 3REAL LIFE USE CASES This demo presents several augmented reality Web applications ARWebApps in HTML5 using the Insight Web browser. Tablets are used as mobi le AR Web browsers Insight rendering the HTML5 based AR contents on their display panels and interacting with the users. A computer is used for a content management system CMS which is hosted in a local Web server and it shows how the Web applications and their resources are organized. Visitors can play with the ARWebApps developed for real life use cases in various domains as they would play with typical AR applications. The applications are classified into two principal parts. First the demo shows the revolutionary capability of the proposed method to utiliz e all kind of Web resources without any rework ing the demo includes information search applications in the shopping and manufacturing domain s. The variety of applications demonstrates the productivity of webized AR content authoring. Visitors experience that ARWebApps are completely portable due to the clean separation between the application logic dealing with physical objects and the runtime environment. 3.1 AR Book Inspector Once the Insight AR Web browser recognizes pre defined target features the target feature identifier retrieves the matching target URI through the DB and transfer s the URI to the Amazon Web store connector. By using the target URI the targets HTML page is retriev ed in Amazon and is transformed into target semantic data. Using the target semantic data view managemen t understands the target identity e.g. book and blue ray disk and filters the information that is needed for the static layout decision Fig. 2a. Then the real time view management gets the static layout tracking position data and screen parameter values from the AR Web browser. By using these data the AR contents layout is dynamically relocated and augmented onto the targets . 3.2 3DIY holic 3DIY holic is an ARaided design and manufacturing agent platform which examines 3D point cloud s captured from a depth camera not only for recognizing existing physical products in the real world but also for interactive visualiz ation of how virtu al CAD model s are properly fitted to the products with free viewpoints. The demo shows the capability of webized mobile AR to automatically search and download a set of CAD models Fig. 2b suitable for physical objects from the Web and instantly use the models as aug mented data Fig. 2c . 3DIY holic recognizes and estimates the information of physical product s such as product ID s and geometrical properties position and orientation using a depth camera coupled with the mobile device. Then the system retrieves the proper set of CAD models for the products by using the previously recognized results. The selected candidates are augmented and visualized with the physical products after the simulation that defines the optimal parameters of CAD model to be fitted with th e product. Finally the users choose the result ing CAD model through the user oriented interface. With this AR based approach users can easily and seamlessly perform CADCAM related tasks without high level expertise. 3.3 Entertainment Real life use cases in the entertainment domain are shown . By using the Insight AR Web browser AR postcard makes it possible to include a greater variety of contents without limitations in the analogue postcards Fig. 2d Jazz AR demonstrates an example of provid ing enriched i nformation for a compact disk jacket of a Jazz label and a Jazz musical explanatory book Fig. 2e 3.4 Education AR Web Applications in the education domain are also demonstrated . Turning the earth let s visitors know a variety of environmental issues around the world Fig. 2f . Inside my body is a teaching method that can make learning much more fun with graphical cards Fig. 2g . Workbook helps students study without the effort of mak ing note s of wrong answers on a test Fig. 2h. AR Treasure hunt game is an interactive educational tool that encourages 3 to 5 year old children to engage in learning new English words Fig. 2i . An AR popup book for children makes it possible to interact with augmented objects Fig. 2j . All these examples show that the webized mobile AR methodology facilitate s content supply with Web friendly authoring environments. a b c d e f g h i j Figure 2 Examples of best practice in real life use of the webized mobile AR REFERENCES 1 S. Ahn H. Ko and B. Yoo Webizing mobile augmented reality content New Review of Hypermedia and Multimedia vol. 20 no. 1 pp. 79 100 2014. 2 T. Berners Lee Webizing existing systems httpwww.w3.orgDesignIssuesWebize.html 19 98. View publication statsView publication stats